everybody it's boys are the most toys
with you again today and I have number
six Constructicons in the fans choice
project he is g1 scavenger and
Devastator will be not far behind we
have to do some engineering changes
slightly and he will be up very shortly
well I tell that enjoy Constructicons
number six he is designed very similar
to bone crusher just so I could have
good weight distribution and devastators
full mode you can see has a simple
little gun here and his transformation
is going to be just the same as bone
crusher if you haven't seen the bone
crusher transformation please go check
it out it's pretty much the same with
the detailing is slightly different in
both these guys in the coloring so you
can see this guy basic steam shovel this
swivels this goes up and down bucket
scoob's you know how good flexibility so
it's good playability if I would let any
for my little cousins play with these
toys but I don't they're behind a
display case but anyway you never know
so basically transformation as I said
same as bone crusher so the first thing
you want to do is get him out of this
yoga position or take the treads out and
he's kind of folded back at himself
different than bone crusher you have to
fold the feet out okay so you want to
turn both legs down the digger bucket
can act as a balance so you can put him
in the back spread the legs out however
you like pop these side panels out which
become the arms very similar to bone
crusher they're shaped a little
differently move them in however you
like you pull out the little fists same
as the other guys and then you pull out
that and this guy's heads a little
different I it gets much different than
bone crusher but I get the idea oh you
can't see it so there he is to put on
his gun
and yep I'm here we go so that's about
it here is g1 scavenger the sixth
constructicons and my fans choice
project and Devastator is soon to be
coming so guys happy building hope you
like them hope you get inspired and hang
on just a little while longer till we
have the completed Devastator mock
thanks for your choosing this as a as
the fast choice project and you'll be
devastated i said pretty soon happy
building take care